various edits: SuppFig 1, title, cover letter, funding statement (#17)
savitakartik/tsbrowse-paper: manuscript/cover_letter.tex

\documentclass{letter}

\signature{Savita Karthikeyan}

\address{Big Data Institute\\University of Oxford\\UK}
\begin{document}

\begin{letter}{Bioinformatics}

    \opening{Dear Editors,}

    I write on behalf of my co-authors to submit our original research work
    entitled
    \emph{'tsbrowse: an interactive browser for Ancestral Recombination
        Graphs'} to
    Bioinformatics,
    and request that it be considered for publication as an Application Note.

    The manuscript describes an open-source Python web-app to visualise
    fundamental
    entities
    of Ancestral Recombination Graphs (ARGs). ARGs are a topic of intense
    research

>     interest and
>     have revolutionised the field of genomics following recent technological
>     advancements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    interest in the field of genomics, following recent technological
    advancements
```
sentence was a bit too long

    which have made their inference from large-scale empirical datasets
    possible: see Grundler et al. (Science, 2025), Speidel et al. (Nature,
    2025)
    for recent ARG-based findings, and Nielsen et al. (Nature Reviews Genetics,
    2024) for a recent review of ARG inference.
    
    Visual inspection is a crucial part of data analysis pipelines. For omics,
    this
    vital

>     infrastructure is provided by stat-of-art genome browsers. The lack of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    infrastructure is provided by state-of-art genome browsers. The lack of
```

    tools
    for the
    visual inspection of ARGs is a major gap in a rapidly advancing field. With
    tsbrowse,

>     we aim to bridge this gap by presenting interactive views of the nodes,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    we bridge this gap by presenting interactive views of the nodes,
```
